_data/3d_data_v2/_blend_realign_files.py should be renamed to osm_postprocess_batch.py and should work on an entire batch at a time. Right now, its only batch is the list of rows in the input file it's currently reading, we will change that later. 

We pasted in a bunch of code under car_detection_fane dir. Most of it is dead code. We are interested only in the code path for demo.py and the one for top-down rendering in 128x128 pixels. There is also some code to generate a parquet report (detect.parquet) - we are interested in that data, but not in that specific place. So we will pick up the code that interests us from car_detection_fane dir into new python scripts and leave the rest alone to delete later. Run ls on the dir and analyze the code and data in it to be sure we know what we want to pick up and what we want to leave behind. 

The basic idea is this: our osm_postprocess_batch script will run rendering using the logic for  car_detection_fane dir and will save the render pictures in a temporary directory. This first blender render script that runs on the batch will take a single json argument (like the other _blend script we use in post-processing) that contains the entire batch. Each work item will contain the path to the glb to be rendered, and the path to the jpg location to be rendered to. This jpg folder will be under the same place we put the blend file, with the _render.jpg extension instead of .blend.
Then we run onnx on the batch. Make a new script in the 3d_data_v2 repo called "yolo_v7_sat.py" that has the function for executing yolo using the onnx file that you should copy into a more specific folder _data/3d_data_v2/yolo_models that will not be ignored - we will add this file to git, it's small enough.

Finally, figure out and keep the infra such that for each file in the batch, we also create an output json file with the name <octttree_path>_cars.json that has a list of car bboxes in lat,lon format. Figure out how to get from the pixel coordinates that yolo produces, the lat,lon bboxes for that bbox. When we run the final part of the osm_postprocess_batch file (the current behavior, loading glb + osm and projecting and saving as blend), we will also now load the json files that were created above so we can mark the cars in blender with pyramid objects - the edges will be the bbox and the apex will be the middle , all projected down onto the map .

Keep in mind all the code in the subfolder is written by a lesser model and may contain various bugs or inconsistencies. An idea for finding out (lat,long) from the pixel bboxes from the yolo image is either to get the north/south/east/west pixel positions for the coordinates of those extreme positions in the image from blender at render time, and save those as well along with the metadata. Anyway, put all required intermediary data in the same plase as the blend files. 