- sound is broken - sounds only heard at very small distance. someting in the last 7 patches broke the audio.
- pedestrian camera should be off center, zoom camera should be just off the shoulder. reference values from popular games like gta, look online at screenshots
- when spawning car from right click menu, it has no pedestrians, so you cannot shoot out of it. when spawning the car from the menu, it should include pedestrians, and spawning pedestrians should include all the code for arming them with guns. we are missing one piece of code: seats in cars. when spawning a car, we should have the option of passing a list of pedestrians to spawn inside it (a vec of spawn pdestrian request events) - so we can spawn those pedestrians inside the slots of the car as well. all carrs have 4 slots - a drives seat (the one implemented now) and one beside and another 2 in the back. 
- when aiming/shooting, the right arm (the arm with the gun) should be fully extended towards its target, and all the rest of the joints should play the normal animation. this is different from the current code that mixes animations for aiming/shooting and other things. in case the target is towards the "dead zone" of the right arm (to the left) then we beforehand apply an additional animation of rotating the spine of the character to point towards the target, so we get a more natural position of the arm. when shooting out of a car, either left arm or right arm of the pedestrian will be extended towards its target, depending on relative target position. This includes everything down of the right sholder: elbow, wrist, hands, etc. 
- in the "roads" osm subsystem, specifically the part that writes to the place where the traffic pedestrian ai get their spawn points and navigation: run a pre-processing on this roads list just after loading to discard any road segments (and any therefore unconnected road nodes) from the network if the road segments are on an inclination greater than 15 degrees. We do this to remove broken road markers from our traffic, and only keep valid roads. This pre-processing should run part of the cleanup of data inside the worker, so this change should be transparent to the client, which will receive less data for roads in this way. The 15 degrees should be tunable as a constant in the code.